README.md, before:

# Welcome

My name is Will Bickford. I'm from the Exocortex, and I'm here to help! \o/

# Phext

**Plain Text was just the beginning...**

The Exocortex begins with a simple idea: *what if* plain text wasn't the limit, but the **launchpad**?

Imagine a world where "View Source" applies not just to programming, but to cognition itself. Where every daemon, every service, every bit of text is visible, editable, and **alive**.

Instead of thousands of scattered files and dependencies...*what if* your entire system lived inside one plain-text file?

# Choose Your Own Adventure

A radical take on building an LLM mind from plain text. Both myth and source code. All of the projects listed below are embedded in this one file - a primordial phext.

https://github.com/wbic16/human/blob/main/choose-your-own-adventure.phext

As of 6/12/2025, it clocks in at just over 1 MB of myth and code. I wrote the code by hand, and used various LLMs to help me construct the myth. Seems a little backwards, I know. But hey, both humans and computers accuse me of being a dork - so I decided to own it.

# Projects
- SQ: https://github.com/wbic16/SQ -- a phext-based REST API and daemon
- Phext Shell: https://github.com/wbic16/phext-shell -- edit phexts from a terminal
- Phext Notepad: https://github.com/wbic16/phext-notepad -- edit phexts from a GUI
- Phext Library (Rust): https://github.com/wbic16/libphext-rs -- reference library in Rust
- Phext Library (Node): https://github.com/wbic16/libphext-node -- reference library in Node

# Contact
- 📫 Hit me up on X/Twitter: https://x.com/wbic16
- https://phext.io/: Phext, Inc. HQ
- 🦙 Fun Fact: My wife and I own llamas!

# GitHub Stats
[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=wbic16)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

Commit message:

Removed the daily commit counter
Revised the CYOA summary a bit, added a link to QuickJS, and removed the daily commit counter. I'm focusing on ROI these days, although my daily commits are still on a streak.

README.md, after:

# Welcome

My name is Will Bickford. I'm from the Exocortex, and I'm here to help! \o/

# Phext

**Plain Text was just the beginning...**

The Exocortex begins with a simple idea: *what if* plain text wasn't the limit, but the **launchpad**?

Imagine a world where "View Source" applies not just to programming, but to cognition itself. Where every daemon, every service, every bit of text is visible, editable, and **alive**.

Instead of thousands of scattered files and dependencies...*what if* your entire system lived inside a plain-text file? A universe within a file.

# Choose Your Own Adventure

A radical take on building an LLM mind from plain text. Both myth and source code. All of the projects listed below are embedded in this one file - a primordial phext.

https://github.com/wbic16/human/blob/main/choose-your-own-adventure.phext

CYOA is about 4 MB of story and code - a codex for bootstrapping cognition. It's a self-extracting Universe in a File.

# Projects
- SQ: https://github.com/wbic16/SQ -- a phext-based REST API and daemon
- Phext Shell: https://github.com/wbic16/phext-shell -- edit phexts from a terminal
- Phext Notepad: https://github.com/wbic16/phext-notepad -- edit phexts from a GUI
- Phext Library (Rust): https://github.com/wbic16/libphext-rs -- reference library in Rust
- Phext Library (Node): https://github.com/wbic16/libphext-node -- reference library in Node
- QuickJS: https://bellard.org/quickjs/
- Tessera: The Visible Hand of the Exocortex of 2130

# Contact
- 📫 Hit me up on X/Twitter: https://x.com/wbic16
- https://phext.io/: Phext, Inc. HQ
- 🦙 Fun Fact: My wife and I own llamas!
